---Description---

In this project I use a dataset with information about people in a region who either bought a bike or didn't buy a bike. I will be using Excel to create some visualizations of this dataset to convey clear trends in the data. The Excel sheets are broken down as follows:

1) bike_buyers - This is the raw dataset prior to simple data cleaning.

2) Working Sheet - This is the dataset post data cleaning. All duplicates are removed, Commute Distance range and Age Bracket range fields were adjusted for clarity. I also changed the Marital Status and Gender data presentation to be more readable.

3) Pivot Table - Here I created my three pivot tables that I used for the three visualizations on the dashboard page. Adjustments to the dashboard visualizations can be made on the pivot table sheet.

4) Dashboard - On this sheet I have compiled 3 graphs to help illustrate trends in the data. 

Beginning with the "Avg Income Per Purchase" graph we can see that both male and female people who purchase a bike tend to earn more on average than those who did not buy a bike. Using the provided slicer we can see that this is especially apparent in North America, but not a clear trend in Europe.

Next on the "Customer Age Brackets" graph we can see that the majority of bike owners are middle age while very few adolescents and seniors own bikes.

Lastly on the "Customer Commute Distance" graph we can tell that people are more likely to own a bike if their commute distance is very short as they would have little need for a motor vehicle. Interestingly, North Americans are most likely to own a bike if their commute is 2-5 miles. Thus I predict this is because they don't actually use a bike to get to work, but rather use a bike for leisure.

Therefore the main takeaways in a business sense are as follows:
1) We are more likely to sell a bike to a customer, regardless of gender, who makes above the average salary.
2) We should market towards middle age people (31-54) as they make up almost the entire historical customer base.
3) In North America we should market our bikes as a leisure activity and in Europe we should market our bikes as an inexpensive transportation tool.

------------------------------
